audiences have been waiting for this for
nine years we are so happy is finally he
was it a big decision to do the second
one it was big decision these guys
fought me every step of the way and they
said you're crazy and I said I am I'm
just crazy enough to pull this off is
there something that men today can learn
from News men of the 80s something about
fashion about chivalry about manners
you've got to have all of those things
that makes a complete gentleman yeah
else or style you've got those things
you'll probably wind up in the cover of
men's magazine was there point in time
when you thought maybe making the third
and the second film together maybe
shooting a sequel at the same time
here's an honest answer for you we
actually shot so much during this this
you know there's so many different
options because of the improvisation
that we considered at one point
splitting this in half to being kind of
like a kill bill one and two but
audience do necessarily want to go for
it so we just have anchorman 2 we theme
prob can you learn those skills can you
sharpen those skills or is it just
something that people have or they don't
have I argue you can't you I wouldn't
try to those young aspiring comedic
actors don't go near the flame you're
gonna get burned I think you can learn
basic moves um in improv but I think
some people are just more adept at it
than others Australia is a real
character in this movie we've got a huge
Australian actor yeah Josh loss plan
biggest rally in character by Australian
I'm not saying this because we're here
right now but Australia's the best
people are the nicest it's a great
country with with great people and great
characters come out of those great
and Josh poor trees portrays one of
those breakers do you know your
countenance tell me your countenance
Australia with an arm ends with an R was
so great last night City all came back
together so great was it where there's
some kind of team bonding that needed to
happen to to bring everyone back into
that team feeling after nine years no I
don't think so he's pretty immediate you
get back together we're all excited that
it's happening couple trust exercises
younger very high fall close your eyes
yep very high falls you we did all go on
a cruise together down to Mexico and
then the ship broke down just to make
the second one what did you need to do
to make it good what did you think where
do we go for me where do we go when we
go from here I'm on my way to car wash
oh ho who hope they do you would think
roll drum yeah and you would be right at
a room and wrote a script that we
thought would be different entertaining
funny luckily these guys wanted to do it
and the rest is history well I'm sure
it's gonna be just as successful as if
this when you feel more congratulations
thank you thank you